HYSA Recreational Program March 2015 Newsletter

<Maximos- Can you add HYSA Contacts to the right side bar like we did in the 

Acad/Fusion newsletter?>

HYSA Contacts

Jennifer Perry, President president@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Michael Clark, Vice President vicepresident@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Richard Saxon, Registrar registrar@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Ryan Mitchell, U5/U6 u6commissioner@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Coy Lowden, U8 u8commissioner@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Janelle Barbisch, U10 u10commissioner@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Jeanette Gates, D3 (U11-U18 Rec) d3commissioner@haysyouthsoccer.org 

Announcements

Challenger Sports Coaching Clinic – Monday, March 23rd 6:30-7:30

Free coaching clinic for all volunteer parent coaches at HYSA. All parent coaches are 
strongly encouraged to attend. Please have another parent cover your practice, if necessary, 
so that you can attend.

Chocolate Fundraiser (Recreational Teams)

This is a mandatory fundraiser. Boxes of chocolate will be distributed March 28-29th. All sales 
must be returned by April 18th. All proceeds go to HYSA.

Challenger Player Development Program

Challenger’s Professional British Coaches are coming to teach players the fundamental skills they need to take their game to the next level. Weekly sessions guarantee your players are sure to have fun while practicing game-related technical activities.

When: Tuesdays April 7th to April 28th

5-8 years: 6:00 – 7:00PM ($50)

9-16 years: 7:00 – 8:00PM ($50)

Click here for more information and to register for the program. 

3v3 Live

Thank you to all the teams who participated in 3v3 Live, it was a fun event! We had several teams of HYSA Academy, Fusion, and Recreational players. 

HYSA Recreational Program March 2015 Newsletter

Reminders

Zero Tolerance Policy

HYSA HAS A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY FOR UNSPORTSMANLIKE BEHAVIOR. 

COMMENTS OR ACTIONS BEING PERCEIVED AS NEGATIVE OR CONFRONTATIONAL 

TOWARD ANY PLAYER, COACH, REFEREE, PARENT, OR SPECTATOR WILL NOT BE 

TOLERATED.

Board members, team staff, and field marshals have the authority and responsibility to remove 

anyone behaving negatively from our proper. 

Other Game Day Reminders

? Parents for a team sit directly across from their team and at least 5 ft. from the touch line. PLEASE MOVE BACK

? Only coaches are allowed on the player side and must display a current kid safe badge.

? NO ONE (parent/spectator, coach, player) is allowed on the field at any time, until they are invited by the referee. 

? Only coaches can communicate with a referee. 

? No pets are allowed at HYSA.

? If you hear thunder, take cover. Lightening can strike 10 miles away from a storm. 

Referees

Reminders from Jason Goltz, CAYSA Referee Commissioner (excerpts from 9-20-14 letter)

“I want to emphasize that coaches and players (and by extension spectators) should be 

expressing nothing other than respect for the authority of the match with which the referee is 

bestowed.”  

“Everyone needs to remember that development of our referees is no different than 

development of our players.”

“In ALL youth soccer matches the referees are in training and as such any deficiencies or 

inabilities need to be brought to the attention of the referee assignors, local association referee 

commissioners or state referee association.”

Good luck to everyone this season! - Send pictures for our Facebook page!

Volunteer

HYSA Recreational Program March 2015 Newsletter

HYSA is a volunteer run organization. Each registered player (or family members) is required to volunteer in the concession stand (2 hours), volunteer for field work (2 hours), AND participate in the fundraiser. 

Concession Stand

Our concession stand is run entirely by volunteers. All proceeds go to HYSA. 

Donate Items - view items needed here

Concession Stand Duty - sign up here

Donations Needed: refrigerator, stove, microwave

Facilities (Field Work)

A specific field day has not been scheduled yet for March/April. However, you can volunteer anytime that fits in your schedule. Contact your Age Group Commissioner or Scott Perry at facilities@haysyouthsoccer.org for details. 

Donations Needed: yard equipment, spreaders

To opt out for facilities volunteer work or concession stand ($25 each) contact your Age Group 

Commissioner.

Coming Up

March 2015

Car Decals - Coming soon!

April 2015

Picture Day – Saturday, April 18th

Picture schedules will be sent to your coaches. 

Chocolate Fundraiser - Saturday, April 18th

You must turn in $$ and any un-opened boxes of chocolate by April 18th. 

BBQ Fundraiser (Academy/Fusion Teams) – Saturday, April 18th 

Get ready for some delicious BBQ plates. Plates will be sold by our Academy/Fusion players. All proceeds go to HYSA. 

Elections - Coming up in April

HYSA Recreational Program March 2015 Newsletter

If you are interested in serving on the board, please contact the HYSA President, Jennifer Perry at president@haysyouthsoccer.org or any board member. For a description of the duties of each position please see Article II of the HYSA By-Laws (under the FAQs on the HYSA website). 

May 2015

U8 and U10 Tournaments

U8 at HYSA – May 16th 

U10 at Lockhart – May 9-10th

Academy (Rec+) Observation/Meet the Trainer Nights – Date TBD

Does your child love the game of soccer? Are you ready to take it to the next level? Then HYSA Academy is for you!

HYSA Academy is a developmental program for U9 and U10 players, designed to bridge the gap between recreational soccer and select soccer. This is NOT a tryout; teams are formed on a first come first serve basis. This is a chance for you to come out and meet the Academy trainers, participate in a training session, and ask questions about the program.

Fusion Tryouts

Our Fusion program is a select soccer program for U11 to U18 players. 

U11 tryouts: May 11-12th

U12-U18 tryouts: May 26-27th

June 2015

British Challenger and Tetra Brazil Summer Soccer Camps (Ages 8-18) – June 22nd to 26th 

Click here to register for TetraBrazil Soccer Camp <copy link from HYSA website>

Click here to register for British Soccer Camp <copy link from HYSA website>

Kuddos

Special thanks to our very own Fusion player Maximos Figueroa-Allen (U14, 01 Boys player) 

and his father Ronald Figueroa (www.ronaldfigueroa.com) for helping us to redesign our 

newsletter!  

<At the bottom, need to make the same edits as with Acad/Fusion>

HYSA Recreational Program March 2015 Newsletter

To submit information to be included in the newsletter contact Jeanette Gates at 

secretary@haysyouthsoccer.org. 

You are receiving this email because this is the contact email provided at registration.